Docs: build/test scripts. (#829)
eventespresso/barista: scripts/README.md

# The build process

> The scripts in this file provide assets that are further used as a ready to be parsed by browsers within the plugin `assets` folder.

Reviewer: would this still be correct:

> The scripts in this file provide assets that are ready to be parsed by browsers within the plugin `assets` folder.

Author: thannks, pushed change

> The scripts in this file are providing assets that will be further used as a ready to be parsed by browsers within the plugin `assets` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The scripts in this file provide assets that are further used as a ready to be parsed by browsers within the plugin `assets` folder.
```

Reviewer: would this still be correct:

> The scripts in this file provide assets that are ready to be parsed by browsers within the plugin `assets` folder.

## build.js

> The `build.js` is mirroring this [file](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/scripts/build.js) from CRA with some minor changes. For example, we don't need `copyPublicFolder` function, so it's removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `build.js` mirrors this [file](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/scripts/build.js) from CRA with some minor changes. For example, we don't need `copyPublicFolder` function, so it's removed.
```

> This script creates production build.

Reviewer: maybe:

```suggestion
This script creates the production build.
```

or

```suggestion
This script creates the production build assets.
```

Author: thx, went with the shorter version

> This script is creating production build.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This script creates production build.
```

> This script is creating production build.

Reviewer: or

```suggestion
This script creates the production build assets.
```

Author: thanks

Reviewer 2: Oh I missed that 🤦‍♂️

## test.js

> The `test.js` script gather test configs and starts unit-testing through `jest`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `test.js` script gathers test configurations and starts unit-testing through `jest`.
```

## watch.js

> The `watch.js` script is providing the development build for local debugging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `watch.js` script provides the development build for local development/debugging.
```

> Upon further CRA upgrades we need to take into account the changes in this [folder](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/tree/master/packages/react-scripts/scripts) if there is a need for a more modern build process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In future CRA upgrades, we need to take into account the changes in this [folder](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/tree/master/packages/react-scripts/scripts), if there is a need for a more modern build process.
```
